the next step we have to collect all the street
white side
without envy you could start with any
cress play orange green
yellow Red
Well, once the protein plays clarity as follows
stage need to remember
all first side
but he got the attacks
to this one
here it is one strip
I don't know what to call one level
also match the colors that is, there would be
green green green
red red paint
blue blue blue
fire orange orange vests during
all done
for then who
no form
just need to imagine how
twist rubik's cubes
here and the Czech Republic white any color that
worth not worth the peasants
so white
here's a white look
what and another cube for him
but as always this time sandpiper
that is, from white
a thief and what
and then blue I am orange this
white and blue and orange
where we are looking for these two identical colors
blue and orange
witnesses
here is orange
then take here the blue orange
single search duties or
another on orange
reducible spot and here's the corner cube
started this cube here and not
limits
must stand here that is between
blue and orange
this cabinet he again just say
learn how to rat rubik's cube
I often just show it
You see, white is behind me.
kids blue blue blue
orange glad going already going
and also all is necessary
here is another white start
green red
green
and red
two fingers
so this type of diesel it and red
should stand at 5 3
together between green between red
we bring lock
so he became green green
red red
and what is it gradually
going to
also need to do all this
white yushchenko laws orange
I know that he was real
here's a green orange between green and
orange
and the last cube
naturally who collected creature
the country has suffered
collected all in the white side
and this one
the first level is also the same color
you turn white side down
if this holiday is already round well, that is, how
the real brand is always opposite
white will coalition yellow
opposite blue will appear green
opposite is orange red but it is not
need to know
you just need to know what color it is
against the color that collects
the first
that is, I collected the first white I long ago
I know what will happen to him
titanic century does not change the position
relative to each other that is how not
guilty white will always be opposite
yellow
first formula
now generally this form of lanuf is
background gook fill
as in the second
level that is, that's it
This is the second level, that is
this is this
this here this this so that he, too, I
matched
formula
here I am the formulas but they are the same just as
would be a mirror image
Each other
so the formula will be such that first
choose absolutely any side
where she gave the third vertically
let down
coyotes st
for example green
beat to her sum up the third vertical
shout a cube
Orange
here's green so lt either vertical 2 3 times
the white house was not
and the light see what kind of light from above from this
third of this one under this third
vertical cube then there is this
third racket of the world Serb Novak
red
looking for where is red orange here
here is red
and here will be the first formula
keep relatively
green color
for example whip it too
can work bring
And the forum will be the beginning of this
see what color the congress will be
on top of this cube is the third vertical
sandpiper
turn away like a form
turning the first minutes away from
of the color that was depicted on
the third top cues are red over
what is time than the red court
what is up above was orange
This leaves the device from
orange
but since the act of red us on the left means it's time than
podcast that is palermo
the form
turn away that color
raising the left side top
the top turn the heat of the real lower
this part is top left again
the facade is raised
and if within
I go back there that is to
practice face and return
I had a chance but it has not changed yet
but I remember this the first part
that is, this is a fuck insist on his
right on the spot
so already the forum is repeated for all the
to fill everywhere it
contribution ubrir orange are looking for orange
that's about orange
all orange blue
blue us on the right and you know that there is such
same formula n as a mirror reflection
ps well here's a doctor weekend lell colors
and right
because much to the right and previous
this red series was framed
the formula is exactly the same
glasses
that is the reason for that color
lifting up
top right
aut male success
right part
top right again
front left
top no return that is left
when landing with the edge
in all this cube, too, with there its correct
a place
so yana as long as we have these two
tiers will be filled
Here, for example, a third of this commission
what color is alcohol vechkanov
red looking red red right
Means turning away McCord red the
where to
doors arch
top right
right part of the commission
top right again
rescuers I am you
return first
and return the facade
here we are almost ready
here is the last time
do to fill this
tucks
painted green
eg
look from above the third vertical
green
Orange
orange us right
and the exact same fund in korea reason
colors which is opposite the third
vertical
measures
top right
Karachayevsk minister top right again
the facade is raised
the upper part of the return facade
return
2 against
at the helm of us
sobolev
the white part also remained the colonel